add support for userdata and the corresponding tests (#39)
giordano/Cuba.jl: docs/src/index.md

    support parallelization, so this keyword should not have a value
    different from `C_NULL`.

-   `userdata` (arbitrary julia type, default: `missing`): user data 
    passed to the integrand. See [Passing data to the integrand function](@ref) for a usage example.

!!! note "Compatibility"

> 	The keyword `userdata` is only supported in `Cuba.jl` after the version X.X.X.

Reviewer: This version will likely be 2.3.0
```suggestion
	The keyword `userdata` is only supported in `Cuba.jl` after the version 2.3.0.
```

Author: > This version will likely be 2.3.0

Thanks. Fixed in the new commit.
